---
page_title: "solidserver_dns_view Data Source - SOLIDserver"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  DNS view data-source allows to retrieve information about DNS views.
  View(s) are virutal containers mostly used to implement DNS split horizon
  providing different answers depending on matching criterias.
---

# solidserver_dns_view (Data Source)

DNS view data-source allows to retrieve information about DNS views.
View(s) are virutal containers mostly used to implement DNS split horizon
providing different answers depending on matching criterias.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "solidserver_dns_view" "DnsViewData" {
  dnsserver = "ns.local"
  name = "testview"
}
```
<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `dnsserver` (String) The name of DNS server or DNS SMART hosting the DNS view to create.
- `name` (String) The name of the DNS view.

### Read-Only

- `allow_query` (List of String) A list of network prefixes allowed to query the DNS view (named ACL(s) are not supported using this provider).
- `allow_recursion` (List of String) A list of network prefixes allowed to query the DNS view for recursion (named ACL(s) are not supported using this provider).
- `allow_transfer` (List of String) A list of network prefixes allowed to query the DNS view for zone transfert (named ACL(s) are not supported using this provider).
- `class` (String) The class associated to the DNS view.
- `class_parameters` (Map of String) The class parameters associated to the DNS view.
- `forward` (String) The forwarding mode of the DNS view (disabled if empty).
- `forwarders` (List of String) The IP address list of the forwarder(s) configured on the DNS view.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `match_clients` (List of String) A list of network prefixes used to match the clients of the view (named ACL(s) are not supported using this provider).
- `match_to` (List of String) A list of network prefixes used to match the traffic to the view (named ACL(s) are not supported using this provider).
- `order` (String) The level of the DNS view, where 0 represents the highest level in the views hierarchy.
- `recursion` (Boolean) The recursion status of the DNS view.

