---
page_title: "solidserver_dns_server Data Source - SOLIDserver"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  DNS Server data-source allows to retrieve information about DNS servers.
  Most of the time, they are just added to a SMART, but they can remain standalone.
---

# solidserver_dns_server (Data Source)

DNS Server data-source allows to retrieve information about DNS servers.
Most of the time, they are just added to a SMART, but they can remain standalone.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "solidserver_dns_server" "DnsServerData" {
  name = "ns.local"
}
```
<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the DNS server.

### Read-Only

- `address` (String) IPv4 address of the DNS server.
- `allow_query` (List of String) A list of network prefixes allowed to query the DNS server (named ACL(s) are not supported using this provider).
- `allow_recursion` (List of String) A list of network prefixes allowed to query the DNS server for recursion (named ACL(s) are not supported using this provider).
- `allow_transfer` (List of String) A list of network prefixes allowed to query the DNS server for zone transfert (named ACL(s) are not supported using this provider).
- `class` (String) The class associated to the DNS server.
- `class_parameters` (Map of String) The class parameters associated to the DNS server.
- `comment` (String) Custom information about the DNS server.
- `forward` (String) The forwarding mode of the DNS server (disabled if empty).
- `forwarders` (List of String) The IP address list of the forwarder(s) configured on the DNS server.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `recursion` (Boolean) The recursion status of the DNS server.
- `type` (String) The type of DNS server (ipm (SOLIDserver DNS)|msdaemon (Microsoft DNS)|ans (Nominum)|aws (AWS Route-53)|other (Other DNS)).
- `version` (String) DNS Engine Version.

