---
page_title: "solidserver_dns_smart Data Source - SOLIDserver"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  DNS SMART data-source allows to retrieve information about DNS SMART architectures.
  SMART(s) are abstratc containers managing several DNS servers as a unique entity.
---

# solidserver_dns_smart (Data Source)

DNS SMART data-source allows to retrieve information about DNS SMART architectures.
SMART(s) are abstratc containers managing several DNS servers as a unique entity.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "solidserver_dns_smart" "DnsSMARTData" {
  name       = ssmart.local
}
```
<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the DNS SMART.

### Read-Only

- `allow_query` (List of String) A list of network prefixes allowed to query the DNS server (named ACL(s) are not supported using this provider).
- `allow_recursion` (List of String) A list of network prefixes allowed to query the DNS server for recursion (named ACL(s) are not supported using this provider).
- `allow_transfer` (List of String) A list of network prefixes allowed to query the DNS server for zone transfert (named ACL(s) are not supported using this provider).
- `arch` (String) The SMART architecture type (masterslave|stealth|multimaster|single|farm).
- `class` (String) The class associated to the DNS server.
- `class_parameters` (Map of String) The class parameters associated to the DNS SMART.
- `comment` (String) Custom information about the DNS SMART.
- `forward` (String) The forwarding mode of the DNS SMART (Disabled if empty).
- `forwarders` (List of String) The IP address list of the forwarder(s) configured on the DNS SMART.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `members` (List of String) The name of the DNS SMART members.
- `recursion` (Boolean) The recursion status of the DNS SMART.

