---
page_title: "solidserver_dns_view Resource - SOLIDserver"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  DNS View resource allows to create and configure DNS views.
  View(s) are virutal containers mostly used to implement DNS split horizon
  providing different answers depending on matching criterias.
---

# solidserver_dns_view (Resource)

DNS View resource allows to create and configure DNS views.
View(s) are virutal containers mostly used to implement DNS split horizon
providing different answers depending on matching criterias.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "solidserver_dns_view" "myFirstDnsView" {
  depends_on      = [solidserver_dns_server.myFirstDnsServer]
  name            = "myfirstdnsview"
  dnsserver       = solidserver_dns_server.myFirstDnsServer.name
  recursion       = true
  forward         = "first"
  forwarders      = ["8.8.8.8", "8.8.4.4"]
  match_clients   = ["172.16.0.0/12", "192.168.0.0/24"]
}
```
<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `dnsserver` (String) The name of DNS server or DNS SMART hosting the DNS view to create.
- `name` (String) The name of the DNS view to create.

### Optional

- `allow_query` (List of String) A list of network prefixes allowed to query the view (named ACL(s) are not supported using this provider).  Use '!' to negate an entry.
- `allow_recursion` (List of String) A list of network prefixes allowed to query the view for recursion (named ACL(s) are not supported using this provider).  Use '!' to negate an entry.
- `allow_transfer` (List of String) A list of network prefixes allowed to query the view for zone transfert (named ACL(s) are not supported using this provider).  Use '!' to negate an entry.
- `class` (String) The class associated to the DNS view.
- `class_parameters` (Map of String) The class parameters associated to the view.
- `forward` (String) The forwarding mode of the DNS SMART (Supported: none, first, only; Default: none).
- `forwarders` (List of String) The IP address list of the forwarder(s) configured to configure on the DNS SMART.
- `match_clients` (List of String) A list of network prefixes used to match the clients of the view (named ACL(s) are not supported using this provider).  Use '!' to negate an entry.
- `match_to` (List of String) A list of network prefixes used to match the traffic to the view (named ACL(s) are not supported using this provider).  Use '!' to negate an entry.
- `recursion` (Boolean) The recursion mode of the DNS view (Default: true).

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `order` (Number) The level of the DNS view, where 0 represents the highest level in the views hierarchy.

