---
page_title: "solidserver_dns_server Resource - SOLIDserver"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  DNS Server resource allows to register and configure DNS servers.
  Most of the time, they are just added to a SMART, but they can remain standalone.
---

# solidserver_dns_server (Resource)

DNS Server resource allows to register and configure DNS servers.
Most of the time, they are just added to a SMART, but they can remain standalone.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "solidserver_dns_server" "myFirstDnsServer" {
  name       = "myfirstdnsserver.priv"
  address    = "127.0.0.1"
  login      = "admin"
  password   = "admin"
  forward    = "first"
  forwarders = ["10.0.0.42", "10.0.0.43"]
  allow_query     = ["172.16.0.0/12", "10.0.0.0/8", "192.168.0.0/24"]
  allow_recursion = ["172.16.0.0/12", "10.0.0.0/8", "192.168.0.0/24"]
  smart      = "${solidserver_dns_smart.myFirstDnsSMART.name}"
  smart_role = "master"
  comment    = "My First DNS Server Autmatically created"
}
```
<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `address` (String) The IPv4 address of the DNS server to create.
- `login` (String) The login to use for enrolling of the DNS server.
- `name` (String) The name of the DNS server to create.
- `password` (String) The password to use the enrolling of the DNS server.

### Optional

- `allow_query` (List of String) A list of network prefixes allowed to query the DNS server (named ACL(s) are not supported using this provider).  Use '!' to negate an entry.
- `allow_recursion` (List of String) A list of network prefixes allowed to query the DNS server for recursion (named ACL(s) are not supported using this provider).  Use '!' to negate an entry.
- `allow_transfer` (List of String) A list of network prefixes allowed to query the DNS server for zone transfert (named ACL(s) are not supported using this provider).  Use '!' to negate an entry.
- `class` (String) The class associated to the DNS server.
- `class_parameters` (Map of String) The class parameters associated to the DNS server.
- `comment` (String) Custom information about the DNS server.
- `forward` (String) The forwarding mode of the DNS server (Supported: none, first, only; Default: none).
- `forwarders` (List of String) The list of forwarders' IP address to be used by the DNS server.
- `recursion` (Boolean) The recursion mode of the DNS server (Default: true).
- `smart` (String) The DNS SMART the DNS server must join.
- `smart_role` (String) The role the DNS server will play within the SMART (Supported: master, slave; Default: slave).

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `type` (String) The type of DNS server (Supported: ipm (SOLIDserver or Linux Package); Default: ipm).

