---
page_title: "solidserver_dns_smart Resource - SOLIDserver"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  DNS SMART resource allows to create and manage DNS SMART architectures,
  SMART(s) are abstratc containers managing several DNS servers as a unique entity.
---

# solidserver_dns_smart (Resource)

DNS SMART resource allows to create and manage DNS SMART architectures,
SMART(s) are abstratc containers managing several DNS servers as a unique entity.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "solidserver_dns_smart" "myFirstDnsSMART" {
  name       = "myfirstdnssmart.priv"
  arch       = "multimaster"
  comment    = "My First DNS SMART Autmatically created"
  recursion  = true
  forward    = "first"
  forwarders = ["10.0.0.42", "10.0.0.43"]
  allow_query     = ["172.16.0.0/12", "10.0.0.0/8", "192.168.0.0/24"]
  allow_recursion = ["172.16.0.0/12", "10.0.0.0/8", "192.168.0.0/24"]
}
```
<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the DNS SMART to create.

### Optional

- `allow_query` (List of String) A list of network prefixes allowed to query the DNS server (named ACL(s) are not supported using this provider).  Use '!' to negate an entry.
- `allow_recursion` (List of String) A list of network prefixes allowed to query the DNS server for recursion (named ACL(s) are not supported using this provider).  Use '!' to negate an entry.
- `allow_transfer` (List of String) A list of network prefixes allowed to query the DNS erver for zone transfert (named ACL(s) are not supported using this provider).  Use '!' to negate an entry.
- `arch` (String) The DNS SMART architecture (Suported: multimaster, masterslave, single; Default: masterslave).
- `class` (String) The class associated to the DNS SMART.
- `class_parameters` (Map of String) The class parameters associated to the DNS SMART.
- `comment` (String) Custom information about the DNS SMART.
- `forward` (String) The forwarding mode of the DNS SMART (Supported: none, first, only; Default: none).
- `forwarders` (List of String) The IP address list of the forwarder(s) configured to configure on the DNS SMART.
- `recursion` (Boolean) The recursion mode of the DNS SMART (Default: true).

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `members` (List of String) The name of the DNS SMART members.

